hello and welcome today we will show you
how to make a genuine Venus schnitzel
that soft as butter on the inside and
with the typical golden-brown and wavy
crust you will need a few veal schnitzel
for this that have already been thinly
cut by your butcher eggs flour and bread
crumbs for the breading an oil that can
be heated to a high temperature such as
sunflower or corn oil and lemon and
butter for flavoring to ensure the
schnitzel are especially tender place
them one by one between two pieces of
cling film and pound them a bit thinner
using a small saucepan be careful you
don't want the schnitzel to tear then
you season the schnitzel with salt
freshly ground pepper and finely grated
lemon zest from an untreated lemon you
will now set up a so-called breading
station using three large shallow bowls
lined up one after the other put some
flour and bread crumbs in the two outer
bowls in the center bowl whisk the eggs
with a bit of mineral water the water
will evaporate during frying and create
the typically wavy breading carefully
turn the schnitzel in the flour the egg
mixture and finally the breadcrumbs make
sure you press the schnitzel into the
breadcrumbs very gently heat the oil in
a large pan over medium heat use enough
oil solution it's all swim in it once
the surface of the oil begins to move
slightly lay the bread in itsel in the
pan and fry for two to three minutes
over medium heat on each side until
golden brown it's best if you only turn
them once move the pan from time to time
sue the oil goes over the schnitzel as
this will make the breading even
crispier once the schnitzel are done
pour they used oil out of the pan melt a
piece of butter in the pan over low heat
and briefly turn the schnitzel over in
it place the finished schnitzel on some
paper towels to absorb the excess fat
and then arrange them on a plate with
the traditional slices of lemon
Vina schnitzel are particularly
delicious when served with fried
potatoes and a crispy salad enjoy